everybody its Glenn back in this video
with two-minute or rewind and this
episode's blasts from action-figure past
is 1995 Spiderman animated series six
arms spider-man this is the fifth series
and looking at the packaging back of the
figures in the series of spider-man with
web crawling action Ida man with secret
storage backpack Punisher Morbius six
armed spider-man as we have here
super Webb shield spider-man shocker
Kraven Webb glider spider-man Mysterio
and chameleon he comes with this badge
which has a clip on the back here he is
out of packaging give him a hand he
doesn't need it he's already got six if
you're wondering how spider-man came to
have six arms he developed a formula to
rid himself of this spider powers and he
only enhanced them as with six arms plus
his two legs he has eight limbs just
like an actual spider her accessories he
comes with an ominous looking spiked
baseball bat if you look closely you can
see it's told as if Spidey is fashioned
it from his webbing body usually leaves
bank-robbers webbed up and hanging from
streetlights for cops to arrest them but
with this it looks like he's gonna
straight-up beat the crap out of them
vigilante justice his other accessories
a lot less menacing it's a catcher's
mitt then we squeeze his legs for his
six armed arachnid battle attack so
click this video for the previous
episode of two minute toy rewind I sure
would appreciate it if you could give
this video a big thumbs up also comment
share and subscribe check out the
description beneath this video for links
to my Facebook Twitter and Instagram
click those links and connect with me
there too hope to see you in my next
video
mmm bye